Update Creating-A-Workspace.rst to reference the correct line number (#4359)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Beginner-Client-Libraries/Creating-A-Workspace/Creating-A-Workspace.rst

To do this, locate the ``turtle_frame.cpp`` file in ``~/ros2_ws/src/ros_tutorials/turtlesim/src``.
Open ``turtle_frame.cpp`` with your preferred text editor.

> On line 62 you will see the function ``setWindowTitle("TurtleSim");``.
> Change the value ``"TurtleSim"`` to ``"MyTurtleSim"``, and save the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the function ``setWindowTitle("TurtleSim");``, and change the value ``"TurtleSim"`` to ``"MyTurtleSim"``, and save the file.
```

So that we never get bothered by line number?

Author: I definitely prefer this. I got bothered by the hard-coded line number that may not be correct in the future.

To do this, locate the ``turtle_frame.cpp`` file in ``~/ros2_ws/src/ros_tutorials/turtlesim/src``.
Open ``turtle_frame.cpp`` with your preferred text editor.

> You can find the function ``setWindowTitle("TurtleSim");``, and change the value ``"TurtleSim"`` to ``"MyTurtleSim"``, and save the file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Find the function ``setWindowTitle("TurtleSim");``, change the value ``"TurtleSim"`` to ``"MyTurtleSim"``, and save the file.
```
